hey Joe guy I got some new sneakers but
only $0.99 these are not cheap I'm
having such a good day today well cool
all right
I've been having a lot of bad luck I
mean I got this new machine gun but it
doesn't like do anything I mean it's not
shooting or anything hmm look don't try
it what what's in it oh and also while
you're looking I'm gonna go check out
the thing and see if it's working just
in case okay
I'm gonna try shooting it oh well looks
like you're out of you well looks like
the cannons working oh don't think I'm
working out so well yeah you should go
home and take a rest
I better go get some bandages see you
annoyed hey I'm back what's that around
your head Oh their bandages Joe guys
yall guy you help me please my spaceship
it's broken did you fix it for me
and I need someone to test it I'll test
it let me fix it first okay it's fixed
Lulu's that's good Zoi you go have a try
okay yeah all you have to do is I know a
lot about engine gears and spaceships I
don't need help
[Music]
oh I shouldn't have told him so that the
the thing needs petrol so we could
eventually crash wait what oh hey I got
these bandages around my fate
oh I see so now I have one more thing
left for you to do oh no what is it this
time go into the dojo not crazy but
since I made this level and all the
ninjas attack that's pretty easy that's
fine oh look find out for himself hmm
[Music]
all the bad luck hey guys look at these
new sneakers I got
[Music]